Adds instructions to deploy locally without Cloud Build. (#105)
amandakarina/terraform-example-foundation: 2-environments/README.md

### Run Terraform locally

1. The next instructions assume that you are at the same level of the `terraform-example-foundation` folder. Create the `gcp-environments` folder, copy the Terraform wrapper script and ensure it can be executed.

   ```bash
   mkdir gcp-environments
   cp -R terraform-example-foundation/2-environments/* gcp-environments/
   cp terraform-example-foundation/build/tf-wrapper.sh gcp-environments/
   cp terraform-example-foundation/.gitignore gcp-environments
   chmod 755 ./gcp-environments/tf-wrapper.sh
   ```

> 1. Navigate to `gcp-environments` and initialize a local git repository, so you can manage versions locally. Create the environment branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to `gcp-environments` and initialize a local Git repository to manage versions locally. Then, create the environment branches.
```

   ```bash
   export backend_bucket=$(terraform -chdir="../gcp-bootstrap/" output -raw gcs_bucket_tfstate)
   echo "remote_state_bucket = ${backend_bucket}"

   sed -i'' -e "s/REMOTE_STATE_BUCKET/${backend_bucket}/" ./terraform.tfvars
   ```

We will now deploy each of our environments(development/production/nonproduction) using this script.

To use the `validate` option of the `tf-wrapper.sh` script, please follow the [instructions](https://cloud.google.com/docs/terraform/policy-validation/validate-policies#install) to install the terraform-tools component.

1. Use `terraform output` to get the Seed project ID and the organization step Terraform service account from gcp-bootstrap output. An environment variable `GOOGLE_IMPERSONATE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` will be set using the Terraform Service Account to enable impersonation.

   ```bash
   export SEED_PROJECT_ID=$(terraform -chdir="../gcp-bootstrap/" output -raw seed_project_id)
   echo ${SEED_PROJECT_ID}

   export GOOGLE_IMPERSONATE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=$(terraform -chdir="../gcp-bootstrap/" output -raw environment_step_terraform_service_account_email)
   echo ${GOOGLE_IMPERSONATE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}
   ```

> 1. Checkout development branch. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checkout `development` branch. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment development.
```

   ```bash
   git checkout development
   ./tf-wrapper.sh init development
   ./tf-wrapper.sh plan development
   ```

1. Run `validate` and check for violations.

   ```bash
   ./tf-wrapper.sh validate development $(pwd)/../gcp-policies ${SEED_PROJECT_ID}
   ```

> 1. Run `apply` development and commit initial version of development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `apply` development and commit the initial version of `development` branch.
```

   ```bash
   ./tf-wrapper.sh apply development
   git add .
   git commit -m "Development initial commit."
   ```

> 1. Checkout nonproduction branch and merge development into it. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment nonproduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checkout `nonproduction` branch and merge `development` branch into it. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment nonproduction.
```

   ```bash
   git checkout nonproduction
   git merge development
   ./tf-wrapper.sh init nonproduction
   ./tf-wrapper.sh plan nonproduction
   ```

1. Run `validate` and check for violations.

   ```bash
   ./tf-wrapper.sh validate nonproduction $(pwd)/../gcp-policies ${SEED_PROJECT_ID}
   ```

1. Run `apply` production and commit initial version of nonproduction.

   ```bash
   ./tf-wrapper.sh apply nonproduction
   git add .
   git commit -m "Nonproduction initial commit."
   ```

> 1. Checkout production branch and merge nonproduction into it. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Checkout `production` branch and merge `nonproduction` branch into it. Run `init` and `plan` and review output for environment production.
```
